welcome back to a very
fresh episode of the business growth
show i am your host daryl praille and
today
we have on a chat called sam dunning
wait a minute something's not right here
you may know sam
you listen to him every single week he's
the host of the business growth show
normally don't
notice i said normally he's also
co-owner and sales director
at web choice so let me ask you this
what's going on why am i listening to
prey or not sam i'm a little confused
you're not the only one let me tell you
this episode right now
we're turning the tables for a very
special
celebration how special why what are we
celebrating i'm glad you asked we have
now officially hit
episode number 100 of sam's
business growth show and sam has asked
me daryl braille to return because i was
early
on his show i was i was i like to say i
was a pioneer
but perhaps i'm taking some liberties
but he's asked me
to turn the tables on this episode and
interview this so-called digital
marketing sales and business growth
evangelist
you know as sam dunning so we're going
to have some fun
you and i i'm going to ask him some real
questions
i'm going to ask him some hard questions
i'm going to intentionally try to
embarrass him
i'm going to try to get a side of sam
that you've not seen that's never part
of his show so we can get to know him a
little better
and along the way we might have a laugh
or two now
if you're just tuning in maybe word of
mouth has gotten out then they said you
gotta listen to this episode okay well
let me
set the stage for you so who is this cat
who is sam dunning
the host of sam's business growth show
well let me tell you a bit about him
he helps businesses skyrocket their
leads
their sales their brand positioning all
doing this via seo
results driven digital marketing
conversion focused web design
and custom web and mobile application
development that
that is your host that is sam dunning
sam
my friend squire welcome to number 100
my friend
daryl what an intro really looking
forward to this man
really appreciate you doing this and uh
a little bit nervous a little bit scared
for
what you're gonna throw at me my friend
well
i was uh i was sharing with sam uh in
you know in the green
room i'd like to say before we go live
that uh the word has gotten out there
that we're gonna do this
and that i was going to be given the
reigns of today's show
and uh for those who who may not be in
the know let me share
that i am also the host of the inside
inside sales show and recently we also
celebrated episode 100 and in our case
i had brought upon i had asked my good
friend benjamin dennehy the uk's most
hated sales trainer to come and actually
interview
me so all of my colleagues were saying
oh you're doing this to dunning and i'm
like absolutely
and they're like are you gonna do the
dunning what danny he did to you
which was he was mean to me he made me
cry he was vicious
uh all in all in the pursuit of ratings
and listeners and reviews but we did
have a good time sam
i promise not to be that hard on you
today but i will ask you some hard
questions
and we are going to turn the tables and
i'm going to make you stammer that's my
goal today they make you pause and
scammer
and if i can get a tear out of you then
i'm feeling really good are you
are you feeling like you're ready for
this my friend let's do it man i haven't
got any tissues handy but the bathroom's
only just there so uh
let's see where you go from you dude
that's right the bathroom's just there
so we're going to pause the podcast well
he goes and gets some tissues there we
go okay
so we're going to start off with some
basics we're going to e sam
into this okay so i believe it's
customary
that in every single episode when he
brings on his guests i was there
uh you've listened to every single one
he always says something on the line
said well there mate
tell me a little bit about who are you
what's your story so
sam when you're not being
the host of sam's business growth show
and you're not kicking ass doing digital
marketing
that's what i really want to know when
you're not kicking ass doing digital
marketing
who are you what's your personal
story who's sam well i appreciate it
dude so
i've got a little baby six month old boy
called finley
and our lovely fiancee called lauren
when we're due to
get married next year so that's that's
my family
aside from when i'm not digital
marketing messing around on linkedin
running this podcast or doing whatever
work day-to-day stuff i'm doing
um i'm with the family i'm going to the
gym
i'm playing a bit of football with
friends
that that's it in a nutshell are you
after more of a deeper background on my
story
well i want to know that okay so you
started this business you started
you know web choice now clearly you're
not fresh out of school we can all see
that despite your baby face or maybe i
just look old what the hell i don't know
anyway whatever
you've done this so like there has to be
there's always the story behind the
story nobody wakes up and says you know
what i'm going to start a business
usually in my experience it's a reaction
i don't like this i had a bad experience
here i'm tired
i want control what's your story what
made you do this
long story actually so i've actually
come and gone to webchoice
the company i'm now a co-owner of
probably about five times
so i actually and i told this i think it
was on last week or the week before this
episode i i started as a sales rep
and on one of my first ever schools i
eventually told a website it was
equivalent to linkedin i won't go into
too much detail but the long shorter if
i hugely understood it
and that's a whole other story but i
worked at web choice for a little while
because
before i got into digital marketing i
was a sales rep at
a retail store selling cameras to
so i think now i've closed down my uk
based camera equipment store
and i realized i really really hated
safety fake sales
i i now know i'm an inside guy inside
zelda
3 and i just didn't like you know
customers i mean they were so rude
they never really were to like they just
kind of say what they wanted
and the problem with the retail attack
then was there was no real benefit for
me
didn't like me managing like please when
my cousin
at the time said there was a role going
at the commission marking something i'd
jumped to the stands
and actually took myself the next day
and um got myself in
anyway did that for a little while and
once
i messed around with this masking and
then i was only working part-time at the
time
and my friend then said there was a job
going at a
call center selling ink packages over
the phone
to whoever would answer the phone so i
did that for maybe a year took a break
from my truth did that for a year
came back to web choice hit that for
another year as a sales rep
and then nearly joined the army decided
it wasn't for me
i went back to web choice for a third
time and probably did another year
and kind of really developed painted on
my sales skills
then an old friend of mine got in touch
said he was starting up a marketing
business which
was a little bit different that was more
like doing um selling
leads and data list rental for people
running dialers and marketing agencies
and that kind of stuff
and that's where i learned a lot about
selling over the phone cold calling
follow-ups all that good stuff because
that literally was a startup marketing
agency
and we had no client so i would take my
phones hard when i first joined for this
first six months just
building up a client list cold calling
bringing on companies and all that good
stuff
we did that for about a year and a half
and then
a few things went sour at that company
and my cousin and the other chap that
ran for
web tourists at the time said look
there's there's a job going here we
appreciate things
they've got tough where you are so i
came back on um
essentially grew the client list a
little and then there's an opportunity
to become an owner which which i gladly
took up
and that's kind of where we are now and
over time we've just built it up through
through various means mainly through
inbound marketing which is what we do
for our customers
and and that's that's a quick snapshot
of it really dude
so see this is what's this is what's so
cool
so if you're listening to this you're
going you know digital marketing yeah
that's great
and i get this i love sam i love his
guests i love his conversations
but what you don't know and now you do
is that he's had his
same journey just like you he's had ups
he's had downs he said struggles
and he's had to find his niche which
means
when you're actually giving this advice
you're speaking not just from experience
you're speaking from the heart
and that's kind of cool but i got to ask
you a question uh when we're talking
online a little birdie kind of whispered
in my ear and said ask
sam how parenthood has changed his
career so in that little story you just
gave
going back and forth the web choice
upwards of five times no
kids were involved but things have
changed now you've got a wonderful
six-month-old finley
so talk to me how has parenthood changed
your
career well first of all i'm learning to
function with less sleep
which is which is always a skill set in
itself but it
i guess it kind of helps you put things
in perspective really so rather than
just
just working for your own let's say
rewards or whatever you've got in mind
of why you want to
do well whether it's to buy a next house
whether it's to help your
girlfriend or your partner or whether
it's to go nice holiday or safe or
something save for your future it's more
we've got another member of our family
now just want to make sure we're we've
we're kind of supporting here and we're
doing well for him but at the same time
being flexible is as we know works not
everything even though
especially my time side of things
managing our time is very very hard when
it comes
to running a podcast running a digital
marketing company looking after our
clients and all that good stuff so
making sure we've got time
to go out with the little one and have
walks and spend time on the weekend and
do all that good stuff that's
part of being a family man now so it's
yeah making sure
i think things have changed a lot but
for the good
well i have two i can tell you and
they're now in their 20s and it uh
your journey is about to begin you're
going to have a lot of fun along the way
you're going to bang your head against
the wall every other day
it never gets easier people always think
themselves oh when they're like
four or five i can start to talk to them
when they're 10 we can have great
conversations and play
when they're 15 we can go and you know
enjoy events together and really talk
about politics and life
and although it doesn't work that way it
just it's every single era
that's got a different challenge all
right i want to i want to circle back
so here we are in sam's business growth
show i got to ask you
why did you start the show in the first
place what was your catalyst
so people come to you for digital
marketing advice i'm going to assume
one of those channels you talk about
inbound could be a podcast
why did you start it and on top of that
you're 100 episodes into it now
what what is the most memorable thing
that comes to mind good bad catastrophic
exciting
whatever i want to hear it that is a two
good questions
so why started it that's probably going
to be a disappointing answer essentially
at the time i was listening to two i've
always
two of my favorite podcasts were will
barron the salesman podcast
yes and brandon bernanson sells secrets
from the top one percent
um which he's not recording as many
right now but i used to listen to those
two religiously um so i listened to a
lot of podcasts over the weekend when
i'm cleaning the house doing
all the chores and all that boring stuff
and they kind of got me pumped and i
thought
why did i just start my own and there
was no at the time there was no real
agenda behind it i just thought
it'd be really cool if first of all i
can get a couple
guys to actually agree to come on the
show who i respect
um so i think the first episode couple
episodes were daniel disney and then
brandon bonanson
and we've got will barron on quite early
we've got you on quite early dale and i
thought
as it was going even though i had no
real agenda i just kind of thought if i
get these people on i can learn from
them
because i can always improve my sales
skills my marketing skills
it will give me content to put on
linkedin which is always useful because
i'm often scratching my head on the
morning thinking what i'm going to post
and it should be a good experience and
it started off a lot better than i
expected so i didn't expect as many
people to respond
when i reached out on linkedin or over
email to actually agree to come on the
show
so i was quite humbled really and
and over time i realized that it could
actually help in a number of ways
in terms of giving me content to put out
giving useful tips and actionable tips
to our audience
um learning for both myself from the
audience
and also helping our company as a result
this podcast
kind of helped in a number of different
ways as you know daryl
in terms of most memorable moment that's
a really
good question because there's been a lot
um there's been a lot really i mean
one one aspect that i was quite proud of
back in the day was
a guy called alan barrett that runs a
really successful supplement company
in the uk called grenade here's one of
our one of our kind of most viewed
episodes
one one of the episodes we got the most
positive feedback from
um one of my favorite episodes probably
was with benjamin dennehy that we did
quite recently
that was very very good on how to tackle
inbound leads
as as you know ben ben ben puts on a
good show
and he's uh he's also got really really
good takeaways so he gets to the point
and
that was a really really useful audience
on how you can make the most of
inbound leads and how you can qualify
out the time waste is fast
so that was probably the one one of the
ones i enjoyed the most but there have
been so many
as as you know recording the show it's
hard to pinpoint because each episode
has its own
golden nuggets of nice advice all right
so what i
heard you say is my name was nowhere in
there in the memorable time that's
that's what i'm here wow well that hurts
man i'm ready deep in the core okay
okay so digital marketing i like to say
that digital marketing
is a never-ending series of tests
because you never really know what's
going to happen despite
you're having good you know experience
and skills and intuition
so i got to ask one question and then
we're going to get to some hard
questions
as it relates to your own podcast
what is it that you do not like about it
what is the most annoying
bugaboo that you just want to fix or you
want to evolve
that personally bugs you and for those
who are listening this is a good example
that even when you're doing it after 100
episodes
it's never quite done so what's the one
thing that's really frustrating you
right now
there's plenty i could probably think of
a bunch of things
it used to be the production but then
luckily i hired a friend to sort out all
their production for their youtube the
podcast episodes and all that
time-consuming stuff um aside from that
it's really how many times i say um in
an episode
i wish i could slap myself around the
head because i'm going um uh
just get to the point to time you idiot
that's probably the number one thing
and if you're listening what's going to
happen now is you're going to listen to
that
non-stop but then he says in future
episodes you're going to hear him saying
you know that's it i get it i get it for
me i have the same thing i have a bridge
of a filler
uh and for me it's with that said which
is always my bridge
so with that said let's talk about some
let's get into the gossipy stuff right
now yeah see what i did there i just i
used my bridge after saying i'm going to
use my bridge
you talk to a lot of people you talk to
i mean people listen to your show
because they want to learn from you you
talk to a lot of people
how are businesses missing out on
inbound
leads and sales you see a lot of
customers you see a lot of prospects you
talk to them
they're listening to you every single
week looking for your advice
what what are you seeing how are
businesses missing out on inbound leads
and sales through the digital marketing
biggest mistake biggest missed
opportunity what do you see over and
over again
sure so one of the biggest mistakes i
see
is that companies are spending a lot on
advertising be it
paid advertisements like google ads or
facebook ads
or maybe they're investing in search
engine optimization webinars whatever it
is to drive traffic to their
website or their landing pages but when
they're sending visitors their website
landing page they're making it so hard
for those prospects to do business with
them so
as soon as they land on the landing page
or home page they're
you're not giving a clear idea the
businesses aren't giving a clear idea of
how
they can make this potential customer's
life better the problem they solve
or the issue they fix to essentially
help their business so that's one of the
main things and then there's
when you're ready when the person wants
to do business with them so a lot of us
if we're in a service industry we want
uh people to crack a demo
or request a consultation or request a
free quote
whatever that may be or if we're in the
b2c ecom side of things we want them to
purchase so
there's no clear call to actions or if
they are
they're very few and far apart and it's
quite difficult
to get in touch so my point is make it
as easy as possible for people as soon
as you land on your website to
understand
exactly how you help them or the problem
you fix and
give people as many ways to get in touch
as you as possible no matter what
page or section of your site your
website or landing page you land on so
as soon as they come to your site here's
how we help you do x
here's how we make way better get get a
free consultation request a demo
or call us or use live chat give the
customer or the prospective customer as
many ways as possible
to to get in touch with you or do
business don't make it hard because
you've invested that time
or that money into marketing to make it
nice and easy to actually get the
inbound inquiry or the inbound sell
in the first place the biggest thing i
see when i'm coaching my own sales
and marketing teams is what you just
said there which is
this is great i love it but what's your
call to action
all right and by the way get to the call
to action sooner you know tell them tell
them again tell them a third time kind
of thing so you want the call to action
your spot is such an easy thing to do
but such it's such
it's so frequently overlooked it's crazy
um the biggest thing when i had my own
agency
and uh sam i had my uh my own agency for
for eight years also a digital marketing
agency
and my biggest thing we had was our
clients
sucked at making original content they
wanted to rip off everybody else because
they themselves
didn't know what to write or say or do
they were intimidated
which always amazed me because i'm like
dude if i were to call you up
and just have a prospecting call and say
hey sam i'm thinking i need your
business what would you do
you sam would say well let me ask you
these questions let me tell you some
stories let me share some roi some
benefits
you start to qualify me discovery and my
prospects would always say yep that's
exactly what we do
i'm like okay great do that but in
content and they just get this blank
look
content doesn't need to be hard the
biggest mistake i see is making quality
content followed by the call to action
now what's your reaction did you see
that or not or have times changed
yeah yeah yeah i think i think you're
bang on from what you've said there um
content quality a bit of a tricky one
depending on your industry
but i think it's like you said actually
sharing insights or sharing questions
that you get from your clients
or prospects or customers and actually
answering those properly
on on your materials on the content you
put out so whether that's on your
website
or whether that's on social media like
linkedin in the b2b space
and then actually giving the like you
say giving them the
the action you want them to take whether
it is request a demo or quick ask to
propose a request a quote or um
or uh purchase there's a thing called um
there's a book i'm reading at the moment
i think it's called creating a story
brand and there's something called the
grunt test
yeah website or with your landing page
except especially
could uh caveman you're sitting by the
fire in caveman times literally
going through your sight and within
three seconds grunt what you do
so if they went onto a web choice site
they they
build websites to make uh grow
businesses or they do
marketing to help businesses grow um and
how do you get in touch it's like
call now or get free quote so could a
caveman land on your website within a
few seconds grunt
exactly the service you provide and
understand how to get in touch
that's the test you need to run on your
marketing materials or your social posts
as well
because you want to make stuff that you
all the content you put out as clear as
possible
and it's simple like you said to
actually do that call to action to get
in touch
i gotta ask is that the voice and the
dialogue you use to convince the young
lady in your life to spend time with you
i'm just kind of curious
it may or may not have been dependent
depends on how many drinks i had at the
time really
[Laughter]
all right all right so the biggest thing
i see over and over again
is that people like shortcuts they just
i don't want to do the hard work i just
want a shortcut
so how can people enjoy more leads how
can they create more leads generate more
leads
for their marketing and website efforts
if you just had to say just do this
what would it be i think there's there's
no
sure you've got to do the hard work um
but the
the things to think about are before you
start
spending tons and tons of money on
marketing
understand you need to understand where
your idle customers hang out
so for example if you are listening to
this in your business owner
and you're in the b2b space the chances
are your idle prospects are going to be
hanging out on linkedin
so it's going to be worthwhile you're
actually creating decent content
building up the connection connections
there and reaching out to potential
customers
um you're going to need a website of
course to showcase your wares
and you're going to want to look at seo
as a long-term strategy
to drive organic searches get yourself
to the top of google
and drive a steady flow of inquiries
long term
and you're probably gonna depending on
the budget you've actually got you're
probably gonna wanna look at some form
of paid advertising
um whether that's google not so much
facebook social wise if you're in the
b2b space so it's
actually a setting where do my customers
hang out what platforms are they
actually going to be on
so if like i say b2b it's going to be
linkedin it's going to be seo there's
going to be some other channels
and understanding where you can actually
put your resources so whilst we run a
podcast whilst we do a lot of seo we do
a lot of paid ads we do a lot of
linkedin
we've got a small to medium-sized team
so we can do that then understand
understanding the size of your company
which channels actually make sense to
invest in
so things like paid out can get you
really fast traffic so if you've got a
bit of a budget yes pump some money in
there
to start getting traffic to your website
and getting some leads
and then understanding resource wise
what you can set up have i got time to
set up a podcast
have i got the resources to do seo you
probably want to do that long term
can i do a little bit on linkedin can i
start building an email list so
understanding the resources you can
actually assign
to where you're to the channels that
most importantly your customers on
so i'll share a story to back up
exactly what sam is saying when i joined
vanilla's office cmo it was three years
ago at the time of cro now by the time
uh pay-per-click was our most expensive
but our most successful
lead source and it was effective and it
worked well because there's a high
intent
but we put a whole bunch of time and
effort into seo sam made a point
that i cannot emphasize enough he says
you got to play the long game on that
did you hear him say that
because he said it kind of in passing
but most people miss that part
you got to play the long game so for us
that meant six months to a year but when
we invested in seo
we saw within six months it surpassed
the lead flow volume of pay-per-click
and what's really interesting is that
there's actually a higher
intent value behind seo than there is on
pay-per-click is number one and number
two the actual
cost per lead is just a fraction
typically what pay-per-click adwords
spend is that's my personal experience i
would totally back up what you're saying
i find if i had to say where are people
missing the mark is they're not giving
themselves enough time they're not
managing expectations whether that be
their own or their bosses
of how long it truly takes somebody to
have results when i had my own agency
the biggest objection i had
was you're just telling us that because
you want a six to 12 month engagement
with us and i'm like no
that's how long it takes yeah exactly
it's
this is i'd like an analogy i've said
many times pay-per-click google ads or
facebook ads it's like
renting a house as long as you keep
paying your ad will stay up but the
moment you stop you're out on your back
side you're out on your ass and
your ad is no longer showing whereas seo
search end optimization is like a
mortgage it's a long term investment
so over time you get towards that owning
your own property which is like being
page one of google for your product or
your service that people actually
searching for
and then that's when the traffic goes up
when the brand visibility goes up and
when you start getting those all
important
inbound leads or sales or whatever you
want to get to but like you said daryl
you need to
look at it for the long term it's
something you want to start really when
you launch your website because most
nearly all industries people are
searching for what you do on google
aren't they and like you say the high
intent level is there because they're
physically searching for what you want
rather than seeing an ad somewhere one
of the first things we did we started
taking our podcast on our webinars and
we started
transcribing them so and captioned them
because then you put it in an srt file
and then youtube can call it life is
grand but on the captioning side we
would then go optimize the page
with the right you know header tags
everything else and that
was wonderful because it drove a ton
more um
long tail long-term seo activity
simply by repurposing content we'd
already
made beyond that it was great because
then i would give the transcriptions
to my writers and they would use that to
actually turn it into blogs or e-books
or everything else so
the seo truly is if i was to give you
one piece of advice i would i would say
do that
let me ask you this um there's lots of
digital channels we can invest into
you know that i know that but if uh
if i only have so much budget and i had
i had to shoehorn you
what's the one or two channels digital
channels
you think a business should start with
investing for either a fast roi or
demonstrable roi
or just the biggest impact yeah so if
you've got
it depends what you mean by small so if
you're talking a few hundred quid a
month
then i'd probably just say save it and
esco seo if you can do at least
a grand plus well something like that
then
track it into paid ads especially if
you're just starting and you've got a
that's this is on the basis that you've
got a decent
landing page a website that clearly
demonstrates exactly how you can help
people is
is laid out made with a decent user
journey so people can easily get in
touch with you or request a quote or
consultation whatever you want to push
see i'd say let it get into paid ads get
that managed properly and then you'll
start to
see a return quite fast as long as it's
managed by somebody knows what they're
doing when it comes to ads
um otherwise if if you're
if you've not got much of a budget then
and you're not on linkedin then
start looking into that to start setting
up a decent profile on linkedin if
you're in the b2b
space and start looking at people in
your industry
that are putting out content understand
what they're doing understand the kind
of posts they're doing and start
building up
content like daryl mentioned earlier
that's
linked to what you do but it's providing
sound advice really so whether it's
case studies and what you've done
whether it's answering questions that
you often get from your
customers or potential clients whereas
how-to videos
so all this useful kind of stuff that
only takes a few minutes of your time
each and every day
and much like seo linkedin's a long game
so it means over time you can drive
people to your profile
and when they trust you enough and when
they're ready you'll be the one they
reach out to because
they're seeing you consistently over
time when you're talking to your clients
and your prospects
what's the biggest or most common
misunderstanding that they have around
digital marketing i've got to ask you
that in other words whether it's
themselves
or their team or their special advisors
or their investors or their leadership
i see lots of misunderstanding um
and that leads to missed expectations
that leads to frustrations that leads to
failures that leads to people losing
their jobs
what's the biggest misunderstanding you
see
over and over again there's quite a few
um one is when we make a website live
why is it
not getting traffic why is it not
getting moved and
that's when i often say well when we
first had our initial call i did say
that marketing is probably more
important than the website itself
and you need to make sure you actually
set a budget out to market as well as
having an all singing or dancing
beautiful looking website you need to
actually set aside the budget
a market marketing budget if you want
people to find it that is
um yeah so i mean the the most important
advice i give is having those
conversations really about when when
you're looking at marketing making sure
unless you're a business that's already
got loads and loads of clients loads of
customers
and your digital marketing your website
is just purely a brochure to point
people to
then you need to make sure you've
actually got a budget or you've got an
in-house team
that can do your digital stuff so
whether that's social
whether that's seo whether that's paid
ads whether that's podcast or webinar
whatever you're using to drive people to
your brand
to your digital presence you need to
have
a plan so i want to talk about that
because
you're spot on and people they they
misunderstand the role of the website i
i agree with you on that one and yet it
seems they'll challenge you in that so
here's what i'll say to the audience
okay
if you're doing exactly what sam is
saying you're doing all the
pay-per-click you're doing seo you're
doing social you're doing content you
know all these digital challenges that
you're doing
um we'll use an example if you've got a
podcast you got social media going on
you're sharing your content you're
having an opinion
you're engaging your target community
you're really messaging uh based on your
ideal customer profile you're nailing it
what happens what happens is people who
have a need for your services
physically either get referred to you by
word of mouth people or they find your
content on that online on that social
channel on an email on a newsletter
and they go who is this sam dunning
fellow and they do
one of two things they go to linkedin to
say who
sam dunning because sam is the personal
brand the manifestation of who this
company is
but i'm doing business with sam do i
like sam
secondarily they do okay let's go to the
website who is
this company on your website that's your
brochure exactly as he said
and all you're really looking to do is
to physically
have a validation a stamp that says yes
we're real yes we have clients yes we
know what we're doing
yes we sound smart yes you should talk
to us and by the way remember what he
said here's the call to action you
should do something now to move the deal
forward
seo is a little different right seo is
high intent but it's very specific
and it drives them into your website to
a very specific page where that content
resides
but again as sam said if you you spent
the time on the seo
to get them into your website your fancy
website on an inside page
does that page have a call to action so
you start to see how they all work
together sam how did i do that did i get
it right
that that was good i mean there's a
couple things we both missed really is
there's also building trust which kind
of links back to what we're talking
about social the content
building building that authority by
actually posting content you know about
that's linked to your service
so when it comes to your website other
other ideas to help
actually convert help actually get those
inbound leads or sales is
using things like social proof so it's
all good having a compelling offer
talking about the problems you fix then
having the call to action but you
actually want to build up the trust
level so as people go through your site
using things leveraging things like
customer reviews
customer testimonials if you're signed
up to review sites like g2 crowd
or good firms or using your google
reviews those kind of things or if
you've got client testimonial videos
if you've got images of brand logos that
you work with
all these kind of things nicely placed
throughout your site consistently
just adds that little extra layer of
trust and it's almost subconscious um
but it just means that people aren't
uh understanding you're an accredited a
credible sorry company
and that you're trustworthy stop the
trust is huge right again
so if you haven't listened to you know i
know you've been listening to sam's show
over and over again folks um
if you're like me for example a couple
shows really jumped out at me uh jack
kelsey's recent show and demand
generation fred cupscake
on partner your partner quotient both of
them talk about the role of the personal
brand has now really eclipsed kind of
the corporate brand
and that's about building trust so my
advice to you if you haven't
go back and listen to those episodes and
it'll affirm everything
that sam's saying here and that's what
you need to do uh okay question for you
man i want you to be honest
biggest most expensive most catastrophic
most
impactful digital marketing mistake that
you personally have
ever made whether it's for you for a
client what is it
i've got a good one so okay this was
probably on my first stint at web choice
and tom my cousin who's one of the other
owners web choice can back this up
so we had a new client we had to build a
shiny new website
and they said sam can you please
register this domain name
for 10 years i said sure no problem um
anyone who doesn't know what domain name
is is the name of your company.com
so in this case it was a company called
par hyphen
sw.com so i just took it over the phone
and tip never take domain names over the
phone so i said yep
understood no problem sir i've
registered this for 10 years might have
been 20 years now
typed in sent it to uh our hosting
expert and said yeah
felix please register this domain for 10
years got it back all registered send it
to the client
sam it's prsw.com you've registered
partfw.com for 10 years
sam you've just bought yourself a domain
you will never use i hope you enjoy it
uh the good news was they caught it in
time the bad news is as you said
there goes a couple hundred quid down
the drain that you will never get back
that's the thing about owning a business
i tell people all the time
especially you're starting off you're
going to eat a lot of money your goal in
the first year is to break even if you
can do that you're doing great because
you're building a clientele
and you're going to make mistakes so
that's exactly what happens
all right i want to bring it back to the
podcast you started a podcast you're
like well i'm going to do it you know
i'm listening to brandon i'm listening
to all these other people
that's cool so i'll do it but
if someone now is listening to you
tables are turned
what's that one piece of advice that you
have for them
that you wished you would have known
before you started
oh i've it's
so many but i would say in
this sounds corny but invest in your
personal development
so it wasn't until i started really
thinking that i kind of want to do
better in sales i want to do better in
marketing i want to understand how to
really grow business and then i
actively sought out rather like the
podcast people that i respected
to learn from so in my case i mainly
consume content via podcasts or audio
books so understand
one the best way you consume content
whether that's reading physical books
whether that's watching youtube video
explaining videos whether that's
podcasts audiobooks understand
the channel that works best for you to
learn content digest it and then put
into action remember to put it to action
and then just do it you don't have to go
crazy to start with but choose podcasts
on topics you want to learn about
um or start start reading books so that
once i started doing that
in my case i wanted to improve myself
skills i wanted to get a solid sales
process
so i yeah i learned from people like
benjamin dennehy who at the time back
then talked a lot about sandler training
so i learned a lot of the frameworks
like sandler training looked at
challenger sale looked a whole bunch of
frameworks
reworked those to what worked for me and
that helped me so much
um and then i just started consuming
loads of podcasts and all that kind of
stuff so yeah
investing in your self-development is
really important in your spare time if
you want to if you want to learn because
we can all learn more
just also being humble and understanding
that you don't know it all which
when i was younger i was a bit guilty
off
so if you look back at the money you
invested to grow
your company to grow web choice
what would you invest differently
now in hindsight
yeah so i mean i'll be up front a lot of
the money was was company money as where
there's three or three of us that run
the
business and we've grown earned the time
and of course we've taken out bank loans
and stuff and that
brought it into a decent profit now and
in terms of spending money well
there's a heck of a lot of stuff we've
wasted money on endless
endless things we've wasted money on
learn from different
so whilst whilst we do google ads and
stuff like that we've invested in a lot
of different ad types
over the years on different channels
that have gone down the drain
but that's part of it so not all
marketing is work it's going to work so
you do need to test things out
and that's one of the lessons we learned
so we're always up for
testing different channels and as long
as you give them the time
and you check the results if if you
didn't necessarily make money from it at
least you've learned from it so you've
learned this channel is not
effective fine we've done a good test of
it we won't do it again move on to the
next one
so that's that's part of marketing
that's part of digital you need to trial
things whether that's
trying a certain type of paid ads
whether that's giving seo we could go
whether that's giving podcasting a good
girl or a webinar a good go
whatever channel it may be you need to
give it a good go to test it
you need to measure it properly and if
it doesn't give
you decent results and roi then move on
to the next thing
oh my gosh go okay people right there
that right there that advice
that is such gold and it's so
understated i mean
let me put it to a different way and no
matter what you choose to do instead of
dropping ten thousand quid because
you're really confident it's going to
happen
drop a thousand and test it first that
will give you your answer and it will
more than likely save you nine thousand
quid
trust me on that i know this first hand
all right my friend
it's that time of the show we're near
the end what's the best way to connect
with
and learn from sam dunning
dario diamond so yeah connect with me on
linkedin sam dunning
surname's d double n ing you're
listening to the podcast
and uh as as you know the company is web
choice i work for
helping businesses grow with their
digital marketing's webchoiceuk.com
i appreciate it daryl there you go as
always
folks thank you for tuning in be sure to
subscribe to the business growth show
wherever the heck you get your podcast
for weekly interviews and business
business leaders
to boost your sales make best use of
marketing
and grow your business let's do sam a
favor right now though go search sam's
business growth show on your podcast
channel of choice and if you haven't
already hit the subscribe button and
whilst you're there
if it lets you rate or review the
podcast do a solid
and do that so that others will know all
about him
and his amazing show that's it we're
done thank you very much for tuning in
on this history making
100th episode of sam's business growth
show my name is daryl parrell
i am the ceo of vanillasoft and host of
the inside
inside sales show we'll see you next
week
thank you